[♪ chorus vocalizing]
So this is...
[The Eminence] Everything.
It's just so much.
How can anyone ever be expected
to take it all in?
Well, not everyone can.
But you are not just anyone.
You are a disciple
of the Order of the Watchers.
Of me.
It's natural
to fear a new beginning, my friend.
We're asked to sacrifice so much.
Our wills, our wants, even our own names
for the powers we are given.
But of everyone I have ever trained,
I have never been more certain
of a disciple's devotion to our mission.
Me? Why?
Well, because I know
you do not fear sacrifice.
But what if you're wrong about me?
[chuckles] Well..."What if"
is an irrelevant question.
Or have you not studied our ways?
- I have.
- And you understand
that to preserve the natural order,
you must only observe the natural order.
Yes, of course.
And are you prepared
to relinquish everything
in your life to do so?
"To watch over everyone,
I must become no one."
Then you are ready,
as I've always known you would be.
[sighs]
I guess I should probably
take that oath then.
You just did.
So, rise. A Watcher.
[♪ exhilarating
instrumental music playing]
- Now you can see...
- Everything.
It's beautiful.
[The Eminence] No, it just is.
You are a Watcher now.
You make no judgments. Only observations.
Then what is the point of just watching?
[chuckling] Well, only with time
can a Watcher begin
to understand that for themselves.
If I am certain of one thing,
it is that
your conclusion will not disappoint.
Thank you.
I will never fail you.
You failed me!
[♪ foreboding music plays]
You came to us
all those eons ago a believer.
But you return a heretic.
You have broken your sacred oath.
And now you must answer for your crimes
against our Order.
Crimes? Everything I've ever done
has been to help people.
To save a Multiverse
whose sanctity I vowed to preserve.
You exposed our secrets to mortal beings.
I shared them with heroes.
Is that what you would call
Stephen Strange?
The sorcerer who destroyed
his entire universe,
and then used the knowledge you gave him
to birth an entirely new one all his own.
He sacrificed his own soul
to resurrect the home he destroyed.
It is unnatural.
It is a miracle that continues
to birth new branches of reality
for us to watch over.
Surely you can see,
for a garden to thrive,
it must be cultivated
so its trees grow higher,
its flowers bloom brighter,
and... and pests that threaten
to destroy it all
are weeded out.
It is a convenient argument,
but one that does not explain
your intervention to save Riri Williams.
That was one time out of trillions.
Or Kwai Jun-Fan.
Reed Richards, Nick Fury,
some girl named Madisynn
with two Ns and one Y.
Well...
The list goes on.
But of all your pet causes,
none has proven more dangerous...
than her.
Peggy, what the hell are you doing here?
- Uh, rescuing you?
- [grunts]
So you see, your heresy
now threatens us as well.
[The Executioner]
You really think it worth it, Watcher?
Jeopardizing the Fifth Dimension
for these insignificant beings
whose lives in the grand scheme
of the Multiverse matter not.
But they matter, to me.
[The Eminence] And therein
lies your failure.
Nothing can matter to a Watcher.
For a Watcher is no one.
Do not listen to them. No one is no one.
You showed me that.
I would not expect a heretic
to understand.
Which is why you must die.
- Wait, what?
- Please. This is not our way.
It wasn't. But now we must break our oaths
to restore what you have desecrated.
Of all your betrayals,
that is the one that hurts the most.
[♪ music crescendoes]
[crackling]
- [gasps] No, no, it's...
- Ultron? You're alive!
[energy whooshes]
What? He's with you?
Congratulations. Now you know
what a surprise feels like.
What?
I'll cover you. Get to the ship.
- What ship?
- [engine rumbles]
[rumbling]
- That ship!
- Come on, let's go.
Ultron! We can't leave you. Come with us.
This is what I was programmed for. Go!
Go, I'll cover you.
[Infinity Ultron grunting]
- Byrdie, go!
- Let's fly.
[whooshes]
Appreciate the rescue.
You said you're not in the business
of losing friends.
Nor are we.
[speaks Mohawk, then English]
Maybe next time, though,
tell us before you run off
to a higher plane of existence.
[speaks Mohawk]
- Hey, big guy. Where to, huh?
- There is no "where" to go.
Ultron will not be able
to hold off The Eminence for long.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
We cannot run from them. We cannot hide.
If we can't hide in the Multiverse,
maybe we can lose 'em in between it.
You're taking us
inside the seams of the Multiverse?
Ultron 2.0 taught this ship
a few dance steps ain't nobody seen.
- Theoretically, it should be possible.
- [all] Theoretically?
Hold on to your butts.
You do not understand.
Their powers are beyond
anything you've ever faced.
They've seen every moment of your life.
They've seen every variation
of every moment.
But nothing is impossible
in the Multiverse.
We've proven that time and again.
There must be a way.
[Infinity Ultron screaming]
If The Watchers' powers are too great,
then somehow, we need to strip them of it.
Yes, and I might just know a place.
The universe created by Stephen Strange.
Strange shapes reality in that universe.
What if, in there, he can shape it
to restrict their powers?
- I thought he sacrificed himself.
- [The Watcher] He did.
And now his soul courses
through every atom in that world.
There's a shot he may still be
perceptive enough to help.
Genius. Setting course now.
[Infinity Ultron screaming]
[energy crackling]
Too late.
No more running.
[crashing]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
Aw, man, my ship.
This doesn't look like Strange's universe.
[Byrdie] I'm sorry, team.
Yeah, I think we crashed
a few universes short.
[energy whooshes]
Do it now!
[energy crackling]
Kahhori, open the gate!
[speaking Mohawk]
Onen ki tehotonhokte!
- Your efforts are useless.
- You cannot touch us.
To think, I had never been more certain
of a disciple's devotion to our mission.
You weren't wrong.
I just see the mission differently.
There is no seeing differently.
- For to see from every point of view...
- A Watcher must have none of their own.
That's no longer true.
You took an oath.
[energy whooshes]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[both screaming]
No.
[all yelp, scream]
[crashing]
[all groaning]
[screaming]
[straining] I have an idea,
but you may not like it.
- Hey, I'm all ears, buddy.
- You'll need to take an oath.
Wait. "The oath"?
Your oath?
All right. So, can I see the fine print
before we sign it,
cause-- [screams]
[all screaming]
We can deal with the consequences
if we survive. Just do it.
Then repeat after me.
I relinquish my life to stand my watch.
[all] I relinquish my life
to stand my watch.
[straining] Observing the natural order
to preserve the natural order.
[all] Observing the natural order
[screaming]
Forget it. Just say you accept.
- [Byrdie and Storm] I accept.
- I accept.
[explosion]
[debris clatters]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[energy crackling]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
No, it cannot be.
This is sacrilege.
- You share our sacred gifts...
- With mortals!
Mortals who do not fear sacrifice.
Is that not what you saw in me
all those eons ago?
[energy whooshes]
[♪ exhilarating instrumental music
playing]
You were meant to be an observer.
You were meant to be no one.
I am not no one.
I am Uatu.
[breathing heavily]
[grunts]
[energy whooshing]
[explosion]
[all grunting]
[yelps]
[grunts, groans]
- [energy crackling]
- [all grunting]
So, Uatu, eh?
- It's a strong name. It suits you.
- Everyone is someone.
You showed me that.
- [grunts]
- [Uatu groans]
- [yelps, groans]
[both grunting]
- [panting]
- [grunting]
[both grunting]
[energy crackling, exploding]
- [grimacing]
- [grunts]
- [groaning]
- [grunting]
- [The Executioner groaning]
[both grunting]
- [energy whooshes]
- Yeah!
Heretic!
[energy whooshing, exploding]
[♪ X-Men: The Animated Series
theme music playing]
- [grunts]
- [groans]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
Mind if I cut in?
[The Executioner grunts]
[grunting] You are not worthy
to stand against me!
- [grunts]
- [Kahhori groans]
No.
Abomination!
- [grunting]
- [energy crackling]
[groans]
Please, I do not want to fight you!
You understand
the power a choice can have.
You've made yours!
[both grunting]
[yelps, groans]
[grunts, groans]
[both grunting]
[explosion]
[groaning softly]
My old friend,
you must stop and see reason.
You betrayed destiny.
All my life, I have summoned
the forces of nature.
But now, I am nature!
- [voice echoing]
- [energy rumbling]
[both gasp]
Please, this does not need to continue.
Then surrender!
- [grunting]
- [groaning]
[grunts]
[groaning]
[both grunting]
Yield!
[groans, yelps]
[groaning]
Yield!
Never!
You have lost. Yield!
[straining] Never.
[groaning]
Never!
[screaming, groaning]
[groaning]
Never!
Wait.
[panting]
Please.
This is not what you taught me.
[panting]
I did not teach you everything.
Uatu, what are they doing?
[The Eminence] Behold, your end.
[both groaning]
[The Eminence]
You will not just die here.
Every version of yourself
will be erased from every universe.
Along with everything you've ever done.
No!
[The Eminence]
And every life you've ever touched.
You will have never existed.
[crying] No!
[The Eminence] It's over.
You cannot fight this.
[groaning]
[energy rumbling]
[breathing heavily]
- [screaming]
- [groaning]
[grunts]
[straining]
[groaning]
No!
[grunting]
[gasps]
- [grunting]
- [energy whooshing]
Peggy, what are you doing?
I am not losing any friends today!
No!
[screaming]
[explosion]
[♪ triumphant instrumental music playing]
[groaning softly]
You're not...
[both groaning]
You're alive.
We're alive.
Wait. Peggy.
- Peggy!
- [The Eminence] She's gone.
Her great sacrifice for nothing.
This is where your story
finally ends, Uatu.
[grunts]
[grunting]
What? Why aren't my powers working?
[Uatu chuckles]
Because you're in his world now.
Stephen Strange is...
[Uatu] A living universe.
And in here, he has absolute power.
You have none.
How--
I don't know...
How did I not see this coming?
When you spend so many eons
looking down on everything,
it becomes hard to imagine something
you've never seen before.
And how did you learn?
The people I watched over showed me.
You can find lessons
in every corner of the Multiverse,
if you open your eyes.
I suppose if you brought me here,
you mean to kill me.
That is not our way.
You still believe that?
After everything I've put you through?
You once told me, "Every Watcher must come
to understand our mission for themselves."
I only hope that I might be able to share
what I have learned.
With me?
You've taught me so much.
I owe it to you to return the favor.
[panting]
[Storm] Peggy did it.
She got us here.
Of course she did.
It's beautiful, isn't it?
It is a sunrise.
What something is,
is not the same as what it means.
But to understand that, you will
need to do more than simply watch.
You must learn to see.
[♪ pleasant music playing]
Perhaps here, you can begin.
[♪ pleasant music continues playing]
[Kahhori] The winds blow...
the birds sing...
the water flows...
and our eldest brother, the sun, rises,
I only wish she could be here with us.
I miss her.
[Uatu] Perhaps she is.
Someone somewhere is always watching.
And ever since her sacrifice,
for the first time in all time,
it feels like someone is watching over me.
[♪ poignant music playing]
[Kahhori] My people believe that in death,
we move on to an even greater adventure.
Uatu, do you know if there truly
is a road after this one?
Beyond all we have seen?
[Uatu] With some mysteries,
sometimes the only answer
is another question.
You see...
Time.
Space.
Reality.
It's more than a linear path.
It's a prism of endless possibility,
where a single choice
can branch off into infinite realities,
creating new phenomena
beyond what you could possibly imagine.
I am Uatu.
I see all of these vast new realities.
Open your eyes,
dare to face the unknown
and ponder the question...
"What if?"
[♪ exhilarating instrumental music
playing]